# Dr-Peng-Portal
Dr Peng:JunosPortal 

Overview
Dr. Peng Telecom Media Group Co is a telecommunications operator in China. This request was from their backbone department. This department is focused on national traffic dispatch, provincial and municipal network interconnection. Their goal is to provide an End User Command Generation Portal to simplify the deployment of routers’ policies for different kinds of customers. There are technicians in Dr. Peng responsible for the deployment, but they need to manually deploy all the configurations into Junos system which is so complicated that this will take much efforts while with more possibilities to get wrong deployments by mistake.
After a discussion with our SEs, we have proposed to design an automatic command generation tool to help simplify the deployment and save the efforts. A portal is designed for users to input the key information required for the deployment, then full deployment commands will be automatically generated for them using template. We are providing both dynamic and static route scenarios for deployment usage. 
With the above approach suggested, the APAC Software Atelier has developed a demonstration portal that using Jinjia2 template to help automatically generate all the configurations based on the key information user input. This helps our customer Dr. Peng to quickly and correctly do the Junos configuration. This demonstration has been shown to our customer Dr. Peng’s backbone department and meet their requirements.
